NonViewComponent attribute documentation (#24424)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/mvc/views/view-components.md

* Doesn't take part in the controller lifecycle, which means you can't use [filters](../controllers/filters.md) in a view component

> ### The use of NonViewComponent Attribute 
> 
> Suppose you have a class in your project with the suffix *ViewComponent*(case-insensitive) and you don't want it to serve as a ViewComponent, you can decorate the class with the attribute `[NonViewComponent]`:
>  
> ```csharp
>      [NonViewComponent]
>      public class ReviewComponent
>      {
>         // .....
>      
>  ```
> 

Reviewer: I think this description is short enough that it doesn't need to be its own section. We also generally avoid "you" where we can, so this suggestion does that and includes a cross-link to the attribute:

```suggestion
To stop a class that has a case-insensitive *ViewComponent* suffix from being treated as a view component, decorate the class with the [[NonViewComponent]](xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.NonViewComponentAttribute) attribute:
 
```csharp
[NonViewComponent]
public class ReviewComponent
{
    // ...
```
```

Author: Thank you @serpent5 for the suggestion. I liked the way it was rephrased. it is succinct. I would go ahead and commit the changes.

Reviewer: It looks like my suggestion didn't include the closing backtick, so I've just added that in a commit. I'll review the final result and then merge this when it looks correct.

Thanks again, @Maniizzle. ⭐

Author: Learnt few things about documentation from this engagement . Thanks @serpent5
